docs: add middleware concept doc (#882)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: site/pages/concepts/middleware.mdx

---
title: Middleware
description: What is Middleware?
---

# Middleware

The [Smart Account Client](/concepts/smart-account-client) is extended with a series of a middleware. When sending or building user operations for signing and sending, the flow can be pretty involved.
Sending a UO requires you to get the latest nonce for an account, check if the account is deployed to set the `initCode` or `factory` and `factoryData` in the user operation, estimate fees, estimate gas, and then sign the user operation.
If you want to use a paymaster, you need to generate some `dummyPaymasterAndData` to use during gas estimation, and after estimating gas you can request gas sponsorship from your paymaster.
Middleware allows you to avoid having to write the same flows over and over when all you want to do is call a contract with some data or send some ETH to a destination.

## Middleware order

:::tip
When using the [React](/react/overview), [Core](/core/overview), or [Infra](/infra/overview) packages, the Smart Account Clients are already configured to use the appropriate middleware for your needs.

> If you want to sponsor gas, the Smart Account Client's in these packages abstract the relevant middleware away from you since all you need is a `policyId` to sponsore gas with Alchemy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to sponsor gas, the Smart Account Clients in these packages abstract the relevant middleware away from you since all you need is a `policyId` to sponsor gas with Alchemy.
```
